henman ether ground is the spring that
feeds the creek invisible as the wind
that you feel upon your cheek and every
breeze that whispers reminds us
constantly sometimes what's real is
something you can't see
believe
all that can be a miracle starts
whenever you dream believe and sing from
your heart you'll see
your song will hold the key
No
Oh
me
what happened it's not an accident the
time we spent apart but now we're so
close I can always find you right here
in my heart
giving me something I need and I don't
ever want it to
because of you I know I
it's like you're standing right with you
and everything else gonna be alright
nothing can break this nothing can break
nothing can break this
did you suppose